1. Why use AngularJS?
Ans: AngularJS is a structural framework for dynamic web apps. With AngularJS, designers can use HTML as the template language and it        allows for the extension of HTML's syntax to convey the application's components effortlessly. Angular makes much of the code you        would otherwise have to write completely redundant.

2. What are the advantages of using AngularJS?
Ans: The main Angular advantages over its closest rival, KnockoutJS, are: No need to use observable functions; Angular analyses the page      DOM and builds the bindings based on the Angular-specific element attributes. ... Angular modifies the page DOM directly instead of      adding inner HTML code. That is faster.

3. What is difference between node JS and AngularJS?
Ans: AngularJS is a client-side JavaScript MVC framework to develop a dynamic web application. ... Node.js is an open source, cross-          platform runtime environment for developing server-side and networking applications built on Google Chrome's JavaScript Engine (V8      Engine).

4. How does angular work?
Ans: When AngularJS starts your application, it parses and processes this new markup from the template using the compiler. The loaded,        transformed and rendered DOM is then called the view. The first kind of new markup are the directives. They apply special behavior      to attributes or elements in the HTML.

5. Why angular is better than jquery?
Ans: Angular and jQuery can't reasonably be compared. Angular is a framework, jQuery is a library. Frameworks have their place and            libraries have their place. However, there is no question that a good framework has more power in writing an application than a          library.

6. What is MVC in angular?
Ans: AngularJS - MVC Architecture. Advertisements. Model View Controller or MVC as it is popularly called, is a software design pattern      for developing web applications. A Model View Controller pattern is made up of the following three parts − Model − It is the lowest      level of the pattern responsible for maintaining data.

7. What is a node NPM?
Ans: npm , short for Node Package Manager, is two things: first and foremost, it is an online repository for the publishing of open-          source Node.js projects; second, it is a command-line utility for interacting with said repository that aids in package                  installation, version management, and dependency management.

8. What is a DOM in Angularjs?
Ans: AngularJS DOM. « Previous. Next » DOM stands for Document Object Model. AngularJS's directives are used to bind application data to      the attributes of HTML DOM elements.

9. What is difference between angular js and Javascript?
Ans: AJAX is a way for JavaScript to request data from a server without refreshing the page or blocking the application. jQuery is a          JavaScript library built to automate and simplify common web tasks like AJAX or animation. Angular is a hip JavaScript framework        which is made for building large, single-page web applications.

10. What is the scope of Angular JS?
Ans: AngularJS Scope. ❮ Previous Next ❯ The scope is the binding part between the HTML (view) and the JavaScript (controller). The scope      is an object with the available properties and methods. The scope is available for both the view and the controller.

11. What is typescript?
Ans: TypeScript is a free and open-source programming language developed and maintained by Microsoft. It is a strict syntactical              superset of JavaScript, and adds optional static typing to the language. Anders Hejlsberg, lead architect of C# and creator of          Delphi and Turbo Pascal, has worked on the development of TypeScript.
     [Typescript = ES5+SE6+Some Advance Features+Classes. It is superset of Javascript.]

12. What are the difference between angular js 2, 4 and 5?

13. What is node? or What is Node.js?
Ans:
    Node.js is an open source server framework
    Node.js is free
    Node.js runs on various platforms (Windows, Linux, Unix, Mac OS X, etc.)
    Node.js uses JavaScript on the server
    Node.js uses asynchronous programming!
    Node.js can generate dynamic page content
    Node.js can create, open, read, write, delete, and close files on the server
    Node.js can collect form data
    Node.js can add, delete, modify data in your database
    Node.js files contain tasks that will be executed on certain events
    A typical event is someone trying to access a port on the server
    Node.js files must be initiated on the server before having any effect
    Node.js files have extension ".js"
14. What is cli?
6. What is AOT Compiler?
7. What is Component?
8. What is difference betWeen let and var?
9. What is karma.conf.js?
10. Why one should use ng serve and npm start?
    or What is difference between ng serve and npm start?
11. what is template?
12. How can you call your template through class?
13. How can you call your template throug attribute?
12. what is selector?
13. what is templateUrl?

14. what is styles? or What is the role of "styles" in AJS 5?
Ans: This is part of Component Decorator. We can insert our internal styles 

15. what is styleUrls?
Ans: This is part of Component Decorator. Through which we can reference our individual component's css (i.e external css)

16. What is SPA?
Ans: SPA stands for Single Page Application, but we can control the multiple pages as accordingly the use of particular one when that one is needed. Hence all HTML pages are not loaded. This beacuse our application increases its performance.

17. what is never data type?

18. What is interpolation?
Ans: It is nothing, but just html data binding.
    Syntax: {{Name}}

19. Where you can build up your global style of component?
Ans: main.css

20. What is use of # in Angular JS 5?
Ans: 

21. Why is used package.json in AJS 5?
Ans: 

22. what is property data binding?
When interpolation fail to bind the no string data then we can use property data binding.

23. what is webpacks?

24. What is difference between html attributes and dom property?
Ans:
Find some differences between  HTML attribute and DOM property
a. Attributes are defined by HTML and properties are defined by DOM.
b. The responsibility of HTML attributes is just to initialize DOM properties.  And then later DOM properties can change but HTML attributes cannot. 
c. There are some HTML attributes that have corresponding DOM property  and those DOM properties have corresponding HTML attributes such as id.
d.  There are also some HTML attributes that do not have corresponding DOM property such as colspan.
e. There are also some DOM properties that do not have corresponding HTML attributes such as textContent.
f.  The HTML attribute value contains initial value where as DOM property value contains current value.

25. what is @input and @output?

26. what is attribute binding?

27. What is limitation of interpolation?
Ans: We cannot bind the no string data through interpolation. (Note: For that we use property data binding)
    example: <input type="text" [disabled]="{{true}}" value="Manas">
             <input type="text" ng-disabled="isDasable" value="Manas">
28. 
